fix: change the `Downloadable` protocol to be non-writable to shut up type checking that checks code that uses the `bot.download(...)` method (#1628)
aiogram/aiogram: CHANGES/1628.bugfix.rst

> Don't require :code:`Downloadable.file_id` to be writable

Reviewer: I think this variant should be more understandable for other developers

```suggestion
Change the :code:`Downloadable` protocol to be non-writable to shut up type checking that checks code that uses the :code:`bot.download(...)` method
```
